chore(docs): Fix the heading order (#18881)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/sourcing-from-buttercms.md

Resizing is just one of the many different transformations you can do to your images. Refer to the [Filestack docs](https://www.filestack.com/docs/) for full details.

### Localization

ButterCMS has full support for localization of your content. Locale names and keys are completely customizable and there's no limit to the number of locales you can have. View their [API Reference](https://buttercms.com/docs/api/) to learn how to query by locale.

![locales](https://buttercms.com/static/images/docs/guides/Localization.png)

## Creating pages

> ### Creating a single page(home page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Creating a single page (home page)
```

#### Introduction

Quickly launch a new marketing site or add [CMS-powered pages](https://buttercms.com/gatsbyjs-cms/) to your existing site using our Pages.

Adding a CMS-powered page to your app involves three easy steps:

1. Create the Page structure

> 2. Populate the content

Reviewer: Markdown increments list items automatically, so these shouldn't need to change.

![saving](https://buttercms.com/static/images/docs/guides/PagesNewPageType3.png)

#### Populate the content

> Then populate our new page with content. In the next step, we'll call the ButterCMS API to retrieve this content from our app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then populate the new page with content. In the next step, you'll call the ButterCMS API to retrieve this content from your app.
```
I just saw this when looking at the surrounding content structure (there may be other Style Guide fixes for this in a separate PR)

gatsby develop
```

> #### Testing with GrapiQl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing with GraphiQL
```
I'd keep this as an h3, as it could refer to the whole document. GraphiQL was also misspelled.
